so chef this is at its cooking time now
yeah are we ready to take that off the
heat and have a little look goodness me
look at that beautiful and firm okay so
let's just leave those to relax now I'm
going to start the tamarind chutney it's
the first ingredient we're going to use
are the tamarins we're going to need
water
yeah and we're just going to bring them
up to the simmer just similar to other
ingredients we have the scotch bonnet
there and of course some more of our
shadow belly further bay leaves should
be two leaves okay no that's nice
so that now is up to the simmer so
literally just whisking that round to
release the flesh from the stone in the
center look at the color of that and now
of course is the time to add the
remaining ingredients so sugar goes in
we've got garlic here to go in as well
and we have cumin and quite a lot as
well that's good
lovely and in with the scotch bonnet all
time and we also have here the shadow
Benny and you just allow this to cook
for about 5 minutes releasing all of
that flavor from every single ingredient
and of course making sure all that fruit
comes away from the stone and then all
you do is literally loosen up a little
corn flour just to thicken before
passing right simple as that right and
luckily chef you've got some haven't you
already made yes so that is wonderful
absolutely wonderful really is nice
little fire coming from there scotch
bonnet but not too much next stage here
is to open these up and unwrap it nice
and easily
there it is now you can see from that
ship it looks absolutely outstanding so
now just to lightly fry them off we're
going to just dip them in this seasoned
flour and shake off that little touch of
excess so drop straight in chop strating
absolutely lovely well pop this last one
in just on the edge there there we are
you can let that just cook for a minute
or two they look absolutely sensational
they're gonna be warmed all the way
through all of those flavors release and
lovely golden brown let's put those down
lovely crispy Susman yeah and let's not
forget we've got some wonderful tamarind
chutney to serve with them chef's you're
happy with that perfect all right
you